this video is gonna show you how to get
into the dome light of your sienna
Toyota minivan I this bulb was out and I
asked a neighbor to help me and he
showed me how to get in there I'm just
gonna turn this off first they say you
so you don't get electrocuted
two things that you'll need are a really
fine point screwdriver it has to be
literally no wider than than your
fingernail and the second thing is the
replacement bulb which is de 3 4 2 3 I
picked these up at Pet Shop Boys for 3
or 4 bucks so anyway the first step here
ok I'm trying to decide on the lighting
here the very first step here is you
have to get in up in here and just very
extremely gently you need to pry this
you need to pry this out with the tip
and you have to be really gentle because
the plastic is not hard plastic gosh I
hope I don't break it on camera here I'm
trying to get in there I'm pushing it
really harder than I want to but
basically you're gonna pop this out
first on this edge there we go so
there's the first step so you can see
the bulb burning in there let me turn
this off so you can see so the first
step is that tab there has to come out
you've got to be really gentle now it
would be nice if the whole thing would
flip down but it does not so instead
you've got to go in this edge here where
the hinges and you got to be very gentle
you don't want to break it with just a
little bit more pressure than you really
want to use you need to get in there and
pop it out and it's really you want to
be gentle without it cracking it's made
out of that hard plastic okay I'm
getting nervous here because I don't
want to crack it open okay there it is
it's just beginning to come out and I'm
just very gently gonna take this
here and if we hear cracking sound then
you'll know I'll have to replace the
whole thing there we go I got it out
very gently so there it is
now you can just pull that out I don't
want to touch it because they tell you
if you touch the bulb that somehow it'll
destroy the the bulbs the bulb life and
so anyhow you can if you look in there
you can see there's two little holes
here for these two little tabs and then
this this one just rests up here so
anyhow then you put it back it's just
like repairing a kid's toy or something
you want to be really gentle with it and
just ease it back in there and then this
one you just want to ease it back in
there and there you have it it's all set
it works and you're all set